TOM SWIFT #104
"...And the Chocolate Cowboys"
Closed Captioned
I'm Tom Swift.
Inventor, billionaire,
shoe collector extraordinaire.
But none of that was
good enough for my dad.
I thought if I built him
a spaceship to Saturn
I could earn his love.
But his mission ended
tragically, or so I thought.
Turns out it was sabotage.
My father survived the attack
and sent me a message capsule
with the data I need
to rescue him from space.
But it exploded
when it entered the atmosphere.
Now I have to find
the pieces of that capsule
and reassemble my dad's message.
A global conspiracy called
"The Road Back"
is standing in my way,
so I can only trust my squad:
my best friend Zenzi,
my bodyguard Isaac,
my adopted brother Lino,
and my A.I. Barclay.
Together, we're going to find
my father and bring him home.
♪ ♪
♪ Lit, like right now
I ain't driving my whips ♪
♪ The taxi driver ain't
getting no tip ♪
♪ You talk loud then
I'm hittin' your lip ♪
♪ What up? ♪
♪ Like a faucet, you gonna
probably drip, drip ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I'm a dip and I don't
need a chip... ♪
(gasps) Oh!
How romantic.
Is this how he proposes?
Mm. Traditionally,
that's done in a thong.
That's cute.
Can we focus, please?
Oklahoma, capsule piece.
Saving your dad.
BARCLAY:
I attempted to triangulate
its location,
but it appears the capsule's
copper alloy signal is fading.
I can't refine the location
to less than five miles.
Okay, so we need to find it
before it loses its signal.
Do I want to know
what that is? Mm.
(metallic jangling)
Perpetual energy
that lasts for a year.
(device powers up)
(device vibrating)
I got tired of bringing
charging packs to Coachella.
Why is it Harlem shaking?
Mm.
Mm. The reaction is causing
a small vibration,
but I will have that
sorted out
before it goes to market.
You know this will revolutionize
battery tech.
Susannah Robb and our other
investors are gonna love it.
And my mom will, too. Right?
Look, I need to play good son
after the summit.
I know.
♪ If they could see for you,
wouldn't have been a bitch ♪
♪ I'm the realest,
I'm as real as it gets ♪
♪ I'm it... ♪
Congressman Eskol opening
a children's hospital?
Mm, Tom, can you invent
something
that keeps people from
looking at your phone?
I did. It's called
minding your own business.
You should try it.
Why are you stalking the man
whose satellite destroyed
Barton's ship?
He's with Stone Corporation
and The Road Back.
They're planning something.
What, like another attack?
Like-like Uncle Barton's
spaceship?
I think it's how
they send their message:
don't fly too close to the sun.
They could go after MIT's
nuclear engineering
keynote next week.
Or, there's a climate-mapping
drone launch in Dallas tomorrow.
(loud thud)
(thudding continues)
(Zenzi cries out)
Hey. What's good?
BOTH:
Boy!
♪ ♪
Barclay, take us home. Now.
BARCLAY:
Diverting back to New York will
burn half of our fuel.
The capsule's signature
will be lost.
Lino, don't you have
teenager things to do?
TikTok dances and...
fencing rehearsal.
I quit the team.
What?
Since when?
I'm just over it.
I mean...
helping you rescue
Uncle Barton
is a much better use
of my time.
And if you send me back,
I'll have to go to
cotillion practice
this afternoon.
You did this to avoid
the foxtrot?
LINO: Come on, I know you
hated cotillion, too.
I'll be the Klay Thompson
to your Steph Curry.
I'll be the Kelly
to your Beyoncé.
(chuckles) No way! That's
an actual tumbleweed.
Barclay, updates
on the target.
BARCLAY: The capsule piece's
alloy signal has weakened...
Don't post that.
(phone rings)
...but it's somewhere
within this five-mile radius.
Congressman Eskol.
To what do I owe
the pleasure?
I was hoping we could finally
have that dinner date.
I finished up business
in Portland early.
Don't have to be in Dallas
for an education reform
meeting until tomorrow,
so I've got
an unexpected night off,
and, uh,
I know a great steakhouse
that just got
a second Michelin star.
Can you hold on a second?
I need a favor.
You wanna borrow the jet?
No. I want to borrow
your house.
And, yes, the jet, too.
(phone beeps)
I have an even better idea.
How about we have dinner
at Swift Manor?
Lorraine and Lino
are out of town,
and Tom is off busy
with who knows what?
I'll see you later?
I'll be there.
♪ Don't touch my truck ♪
(phone beeps)
Please do not let
Thomas the Tank Engine
break your back
on Lorraine's good sofas.
First of all, okay,
never would I ever
on Lorraine's good leather.
Uh-huh.
Second of all, Eskol said he's
traveling to Dallas tomorrow.
Stone Corp. could be planning
an attack in Dallas,
and tonight is my chance
to see if he's involved.
What about the capsule piece?
Oh, we'll divide
and conquer.
You take Oklahoma
while I do dinner.
Uh, go with her, please.
Uh, excuse me...
No. You need him
more than we do here.
TOM: Be careful, please.
Go find the capsule piece.
"Home of the Chocolate Cowboys"?
I gotta get a pic of this.
I won't post, don't worry.
(vehicle approaching)
(buzzing)
Haven't had visitors
in Langstonville
in quite some time.
Thought I'd come see if
they were friend or foe.
Hmm.
Oh...
We are V-V friendly.
(chuckles)
That means "very very."
IDK if you speak text. LOL.
(all chuckle)
Oh, my stars.
Aren't you Tom Swift?
The genius inventor.
That's what's on my LinkedIn.
(laughter)
I'm Calvin McElroy.
How you doing, son?
What's an esteemed
individual such as yourself
doing in our humble little town?
Oh, uh, well,
we're looking for a place
to celebrate Mom's birthday.
Mm-hmm.
She loves the rodeo.
That true?
Just... huge horse stan.
Yeah.
Ah. Well, um, I'm so sorry,
but our family rodeo closed
now going on a decade.
But I just have to have
Tom Swift over for lunch.
You must be starving.
Huh? Yeah?
(laughs)
Oh. Oh! (laughs)
I could eat.
Maybe.
Yeah, let's go.
Get on the back
of this truck.
Okay.
(speaks indistinctly)
CALVIN: Y'all like chicken?
TOM: Absolutely.
Ah...
Boy...
we're supposed to be
on a mission.
Would've been rude
to say no.
(mouthing)
Chivas all right?
Of course.
Especially the 12-year.
All right.
(Calvin chuckles)
Here you go. Salud.
Mmm.
Mmm!
Ooh.
(chuckles)
So, Calvin, what's new
around town?
Anything big happen lately? Hmm?
You know Mr. Jenkins?
He ran off with
the choir director.
Oh?
(laughter)
You know how they are.
Ah, I do.
This you?
Oh, yeah, minus
a few pounds.
Now, that's, uh, that's my dad,
and that's my granddad.
That is a full rodeo moment.
Mm. I respect it.
Gucci's fall collection.
Mm-hmm.
Uh, hey.
What's this old car
next to the trees?
We, uh, we ran
the Chocolate Cowboys
until everything crashed
in 2008.
That's cool.
But where is that?
That ain't nowhere special.
See, I was the bulldogging
champion for years
before I decided to quit.
Why'd you quit?
'Cause I was ready to.
I went out with
my head held high,
knowing I was the best,
and that way,
nobody can tell you nothing
about quitting.
Or press you for
being too good.
Yeah, exactly so.
The Black Cowboys was about
being your own man,
but the movies erased us.
But-but Nat Love, Bill Pickett,
Bass Reeves,
aka the real Lone Ranger,
all Black.
That's your history, too.
Dope. So I could be a cowboy?
(laughs)
Yeah.
That's from the old rodeo.
What kind of cowboy
you want to be?
are you, Tom?
LINO:
That was lit.
He really got me.
Boy, you were just hopped up
on all that sweet tea,
talking about, ooh,
his horses.
Please. You know,
my daily driver has 700.
Asking about his
stupid pictures.
I wasn't asking,
I was testing.
I think I know where
that capsule piece is.
That's where I'm
taking you now.
Gassed him up
about the pics,
but he kept
avoiding this car.
Didn't want to draw
attention to it.
BARCLAY:
Excellent deduction.
The alloy signal is
indeed getting closer.
TOM:
This secretion is causing
the capsule to deteriorate.
This ain't the
kind of party
your mama was
looking for, either.
(cattle prod buzzing)
This is mine. You don't
even know what it is.
That thing appeared
and made that tree weep.
Scratched my hand,
the tears healed it,
like a miracle.
Cured a lot of
other people, too.
It's tree sap.
The micro-vibrations
must have activated
the tree's natural
defense mechanism
of excreting antiseptic sap.
Yeah, well, whatever it is,
we are bottling it
and turning our town
back into a destination.
Hmm. Tears from
a magic tree?
That's your cowboy plan
to save your town?
Fine. How much
do you want for it?
How 'bout $70 trillion?
Hoo!
So the entire U.S. economy
for some magic tree juice?
No.
I don't take kindly
to thieves.
COWBOY: You can't take that.
COWBOY 2: Fellas. Get away.
Let 'em pass.
So we're just gonna leave?
No, Michelle,
we're gonna steal it.
But he's trying to save
the whole town with it.
Okay, what happened to
doing what I say?
I found the tree grove!
And that was luck. Hey!
Listen to me when
I'm talking to you.
Which one of us has
two degrees from MIT? Hmm?
When I give you a plan--
look at me--
you need to follow it.
Stop acting like a child.
Whatever you say,
Uncle Barton.
I have something for you,
because Eskol isn't
your average visitor.
ZENZI:
Yes, of course not.
I don't do average.
What?
Is there something
on my face?
Uh, not yet.
May I?
There's a mic,
video and an earpiece
in your com-strip.
I don't need a bodyguard.
If he tries to grab you,
defend yourself.
All right? Kick to the groin,
then run away.
You understand
this is dinner, right?
Maybe you're rusty.
(chuckles)
When was your last undercover
op, or dinner with a woman?
Hmm, my necklace is stuck.
Let me help you with that.
Thank you.
My last op was in 2016.
Kabul.
A mission with my ex.
The mission...
ended our relationship.
Well, what went wrong?
Listen.
If and when tonight's
situation goes bad,
I'll create a distraction...
I can handle a date.
It's not a date.
It's a tactic.
You're using Eskol
to find out what
The Road Back is planning,
and he's using you
to get to Tom.
He had an invitation
hand-delivered.
He was glamouring you.
Making you feel special.
Congressman Eskol.
Hey.
Sorry I kept you waiting.
Ah. You can make it up to me
by calling me Nathan
from now on.
He wants you to
let your guard down.
Don't be charmed by him.
I don't like having his
security detail this close.
If something goes wrong,
I won't be able
to get to you in time.
Please call this off.
Thank you for coming
so far from the city.
I don't mind traveling
to get to a worthy
dinner companion.
Hmm.
Is that from being
a politician
or from running
Stone Corporation?
ISAAC:
I would have waited longer
before bringing that up.
I did a little
Internet stalking.
Do you miss it?
No, I don't.
No, that's why I handed
it off to the COO
before my first term.
Hmm.
ISAAC:
You should back off this topic.
So you're not up to date
on the daily satellite
operations?
Mm-mm.
Yeah. Well, I was looking
into possible synergies
for the Swift Enterprises
geolocator app.
ISAAC:
Stop talking.
It's something I'm
personally interested in.
Why don't we discuss it over
that delicious meal
I'm smelling?
ISAAC:
He's a dangerous man.
You're not ready
for this mission.
I think I'm ready now.
ISAAC:
Zenzi. Zenzi!
(purse snaps shut)
Barclay, what's the situation
at the tree right now?
BARCLAY:
There are five men guarding
that capsule piece
of your dad's message.
I have a plan.
♪ ♪
TOM:
1969 Boss Mustang 302.
Chase-ready.
BARCLAY:
Beautiful car, but you said
you only needed its parts.
TOM:
We need to knock
those guards out
without actually hurting them.
BARCLAY:
Safer to take them out
from a distance.
TOM:
Exactly. With a nap gun.
Barclay, pull up the Yacht Week
files.
Uh, safe for work, please.
Whew, Yacht Week in Croatia
was rough.
I modded the speakers to emit
infrasonic pulses
to get rid of
everyone's seasickness.
Huh. I'm thinking
I could adapt the design
for a more targeted purpose.
♪ ♪
I used the shifter, my Zenzi
noise-canceling headphones,
and the earbuds
Lino dropped at lunch.
Now all we need is
a sound tube.
♪ ♪
It carries sound
from the engine bay
to the rest of the car
so you think every decibel
of that classic engine rev
is you.
BARCLAY:
Nothing wrong with
making someone
feel bigger than they are.
I wouldn't know.
Hey, Sleeping Beauty,
wake up.
Great news. It works.
Was that...
or those shoes...
really necessary?
Okay.
I always travel with YSL.
Cowboy, but make it fashion.
Get up.
We're going stealing.
So, that cheese soufflé was
incredible, wasn't it?
It was.
These Swifts sure know
how to live.
Yeah, well,
Aunt Lorraine literally has
the Banon
flown in from Provence.
Well, when you have a jet...
Mm. And no lactose intolerance.
(laughs)
Yeah, mac and cheese is
my specialty.
My, uh, grandfather taught me.
He was a ranch hand.
You're serious?
What?
Uh...
I come from
a long line of people
that actually worked
for a living.
Mm, yes, before your parents
moved to the city
and lost the common touch.
(chuckles)
(phone chimes)
Oh, do all ranch hands
ignore their dates?
No. Sorry.
Grandpa would whup me good
for ignoring guests
at the dinner table.
Now, the pièce de résistance:
dessert.
How about...
we, you and I,
enjoy this by the fire?
Got it.
All right. Fine.
(radio static)
Secondary listening device
is active
as long as she's in
the radio hot zone.
♪ ♪
(radio static)
Come on.
Where are you?
So you're traveling
to Dallas tomorrow.
Well, if the weather holds.
I don't do bumpy.
I didn't take you
for a nervous flier.
Well, don't judge by the cover.
Oh, is that peach cobbler?
Yes.
With puff pastry?
Wow, you're familiar.
Y-Yes!
Okay... (laughs)
What?
My nana used to make this
all the time.
Really?
I-I haven't seen
a latticed top like that
in years.
Please.
Mmm...
Huh?
That tastes like home.
Yeah? With hot cider?
Yeah, first day snow
with real woolen mittens.
And a real book
in your hands.
I'm kind of a bookworm.
Are you?
Yeah.
Mm... What's your favorite
classic?
No, no, no.
Let me guess.
Okay.
The Grapes of Wrath.
Hmm...
You stand for the proletariat.
(chuckles)
Native Son.
That is a very Black book
for a white boy
from upstate New York.
Hey, I always travel
with my copy.
It, uh...
It helped me see
the world as it is
rather than how
I wanted it to be.
And... it showed me that
we can't heal our nation
unless we start from truth.
That's really beautiful.
I was gonna say the same
about something else.
Um...
Just the pastry.
Oh, yeah.
Uh, it's good for the heart
but not for the lipstick.
I, um...
Oh, yeah.
Um, I'll be right back.
Uh-huh.
(exhales, chuckles)
"I always travel
with my copy."
You really are a bookworm.
(footsteps approach)
That doesn't
belong to you.
(quiet chatter)
Are you in place?
Ready to aim
on your command.
Drop 'em like they're hot.
That's what I'm talking about.
Yes!
(gun sputters)
(grunts)
Yes.
Whoo! Lino, we did it, we...
BARCLAY:
Based on the damage,
I'd say the infrasonic cannon
collided with another object
of great force.
Lino must have put up a fight.
Okay, so, you-you can't
find Lino's phone.
Either it's off
or it's broken.
BARCLAY:
Oh, wait, there it is.
(phone ringing)
Incoming video call from Lino.
Where the hell are you?
He's with me.
If you want him back,
meet me at high noon tomorrow
at the tree with my machine.
AUTOMATED VOICE:
Incoming call from Tom Swift.
ISAAC:
Transmit. Copy? I'm coming in.
Incoming call from Tom...
ZENZI (over device):
I didn't mean to pry.
TOM (on phone):
Isaac, Lino's in trouble.
I need backup.
I'll call when
we're en route.
Zenzi, come in.
ZENZI:
This is all a misunderstanding.
Sir, she was going through
your briefcase.
ZENZI:
No, I wasn't.
I was admiring the patina.
On the inside of the bag?
I just wanted to figure out
for myself
about your taste in books.
I mean, when you told me that
Native Son was your favorite,
and what you said
about healing the nation,
it just seemed a little
too good to be true.
I-I'm not used to having dinner
with idealists.
Richard Wright comes from my
mom's hometown in Mississippi.
He writes with a conviction
that I recognize.
Well, if you're into
Mississippi authors,
then maybe you should try
Jesmyn Ward next time.
I mean, she's not as
unrelentingly bleak.
So shall we just
go back to dessert?
She went in there alone.
She was looking for something.
Okay, I was hiding something.
I...
I really like you.
So you felt the need
to go through my belongings?
(footsteps)
Do you need
my assistance?
ESKOL:
I haven't decided yet.
Oh. But you need an entourage
to help you figure it out?
ZENZI:
Where did this man
even come from?
Why do you need his help?
WOMAN:
Help. Isaac. Help.
Isaac. Help.
(breathing unsteadily)
No...
No, no, no.
Stay with me.
Don't go.
(gasping)
I'm right here.
(sobs)
Help!
She needs you.
All right.
By the way,
menacing bodyguards
aren't the best
first-date chaperones.
(electricity powering down)
(Isaac breathing unsteadily)
Oh, this happens
from time to time.
Tom's experiments go
on autopilot,
and I've just learned how to
handle these things myself.
So, if you'll follow me...
Given that
the power is out,
and I'm sure it's past these
friendly gentlemen's bedtime,
you should go.
Bring the car around, please.
I'm sorry that our night
got cut short.
Next time, I'll bring
fewer bodyguards
and more desserts.
Assuming there'll be
a next time.
Safe travels, Nathan.
Told you I could handle
a date.
BARCLAY:
Welcome back to Oklahoma.
Tom is on his way
up the tarmac.
(electronic tones)
Oh, hey.
Um, if you're done
giving me the silent treatment,
I got some intel.
Eskol may not have been
targeting the drone in Dallas,
but he's clearly
up to something.
Whatever you think you got
wasn't worth dying for.
I can't protect you
if you don't take
your own life seriously.
Everybody good?
Cool. Let's get started.
We're gonna go get Lino.
♪ Beverly Hills straight
covered in grease ♪
♪ I'm a lone cowboy
stuck in my jeans ♪
♪ Drinking PBR,
got a couple in me ♪
♪ Won't drive no truck
if it's way too clean ♪
Yo!
(laughs)
Whoa, whoa, you are early.
Oh, you gonna get your coat?
Cowboys always on CPT?
Dude, I'm fine.
Let him go.
I wasn't gonna hurt the kid.
He's been killing us in bones
since we grabbed him.
Ah, so you admit
to kidnapping.
I need the thing.
It's our ace in the hole.
ZENZI:
How do you figure that?
Just listen for a second.
My family has been fighting
against land dispossession
and predatory developers
for years.
To protect our legacy.
But if you take
that machine away,
I lose my last chance
at building something
that could carry forward
to my daughter
and future generations.
(vehicle approaching)
Look, I just want
my brother back.
Lino, come on.
ZENZI:
Come on, honey.
Lino, I said let's go!
You think this is a game
you can use
to run away from
your problems.
But getting Dad back
is not a game.
You should have talked to me
instead of hiding away
in a luggage rack.
But instead,
you endangered yourself
and me and our mission because
you wanted to play tagalong.
I tried talking to you,
but you kept
blowing me of at the summit.
I tried to help,
but I should have known
it's Tom's way
or the highway.
It's not my fault you
gave them the capsule piece.
I didn't give it to them.
BARCLAY:
We activated the portable
3-D printer
on the Swift Enterprises jet
to fabricate a duplicate.
You lied to them
to get what you want.
Wow. You learn that at MIT?
I did what I had to do
to keep you safe.
Now let's get out of
this Black cowboy hell.
Come on!
What happened between
you and Lino?
I checked him.
He needs to listen.
But what if he was listening
to himself instead of you?
Because it sounds like he had
his own ideas on how to help,
and you went off on him
for not doing it
the way you would have.
Just like my father did
every day of my life.
I promised myself I would never
be like my father, but...
And how are you going
to do that?
He's your dad.
He's your model for manhood.
I'm more like my dad
than I ever want to admit.
So I have to become him?
No.
No, you can control
your choices,
your action and your character.
My father taught me that
being a man isn't about
never making mistakes.
It's about being vulnerable
enough to admit them,
make amends and do better.
Have you met Barton Swift?
He never admitted
when he made a mistake.
And it didn't matter
what I accomplished
because he couldn't accept
the way that I did it.
That's...
That's not the type of man
I want to be.
Then don't be.
Do it different.
I know Calvin kidnapped me,
or whatever...
"Kidnapped me or whatever"?
Look, hey.
I'm sorry, man.
I shouldn't have yelled
at you back there.
Look... (chuckles wryly)
I was acting like Dad.
I should have let you
be brilliant in your own way
instead of being mad at you
for not being me.
What you did back there
was major.
We couldn't have done
any of this without you.
Hmm?
One more thing.
Why'd you quit the fencing team?
You killed it
at that last match.
Um...
all my teammates called me
a cheating freak.
Cheating? Why?
Because I beat them
12 times in a row.
They said there was no way
someone like me could win.
Oh...
I get it.
Like Venus, Serena,
and Tiger before you,
you are kicking Black ass
in a white sport,
and when you do that,
they're pressed. Okay?
But why is the solution
quitting something
that you love?
Because what if they're
right, that I'm a freak?
I felt something...
strange that day.
What if I'm dangerous,
like my mom,
and you send me away?
That... will never happen.
You can't promise that.
You just turned your
back on Calvin.
No, that's-that's different.
Look, he has nothing
to do with us.
Why do you keep
defending him? Hmm?
I envy him. Okay?
I envy him and his daughter.
They know who they are
and where they came from.
I don't.
They'll always have
a connection to their past.
Well, until their, um,
town disappears.
Barclay,
turn the plane around.
We're going back.
(birds chirping)
Look, I was wrong for giving
you all a fake machine.
But I'm here
to make up for it.
Better be the real one
this time.
(chuckles softly)
You're thinking
too small.
Now, one weeping tree
is cute,
but you need
to make this place
a healing and wellness
destination.
Where people
spend a week,
not just an hour.
And I can make
that happen.
Perpetual power packs.
Working title.
I modified them
to produce
the same microvibrations
and radiation
needed to make
an entire grove weep.
(chuckles)
And no one
will ever know
they're the reason
the trees are weeping.
And you're gonna sell
those tears in the gift shop
of your wellness spa
and resort,
whose construction and design
Swift Enterprises will fund.
(chuckles)
Thank you.
What-what made you come back?
I guess I finally figured out
what kind of cowboy
I want to be.
(chuckles softly)
(chuckling)
Oh.
And call me when you bring back
the Chocolate Cowboys.
I've been looking for an excuse
to bust out my Dior chaps.
(chuckles)
Ah.
Is-is that anything
like Stacy Adams? Huh?
Just like it.
(laughter)
Ah.
(chuckles)
Mmm...
Look, a spa.
Look.
(laughter)
Are you okay?
Just because she broke up
with you and things went wrong
doesn't mean...
She didn't break up with me.
I've been telling people
to keep it a buck.
Guess I should
do the same.
Her name was Marissa.
Specialist Marissa Sanchez.
I was her ghost.
The mission went sideways. I...
I got there too late.
(shudders)
And because I was too late...
...she died.
It's just easier to
say "she dumped me"
than "I'm responsible
for her death."
Isaac.
I'm so sorry.
I had no idea.
If something had
happened to you,
I would have never
forgiven myself.
I made my own choices.
That's not on you.
You can't control
what the world does to people.
But I can try,
when they're people
I care about.
(starts engine)
(sniffles)
(shudders)
BARCLAY:
The deterioration
of the casing did not cause
permanent damage.
It should operate as needed when
joined with the other pieces.
Mm. Won't He do it.
(chuckles softly)
I still can't believe you legit
went through that man's bag.
What's next?
Gonna go through
his phone?
Follow him
from a finsta?
(stammers) It was
not my best work.
But now we have this list.
It's initials with latitude
and longitudes.
And the, uh,
first set of initials
crossed out are B.S.
Barton Swift.
You think it's
a hit list?
I don't-- I don't know.
ISAAC: There's no way
Calvin's men
should've gotten
the jump on you.
How did
they catch you?
I saw these guys walk out.
I just knew
they were gonna see Tom
and stop him from getting
the capsule piece,
so I put myself in their way.
If I'm hallucinating
like my mom,
she's the only person who
can help me figure it out.
My contact came through
in locating your mom.
You still want to meet her?
Yes.
Uh, can we keep this on the low?
Yeah.
Yeah?
Aunt Lorraine would
freak if she finds out.
ZENZI:
Oh, my God.
Uh...
this set of coordinates
on the list
is for San Diego,
with the initials O.A.
Dr. Odi Adesina had a stroke
in San Diego last week.
The physicist that's
pioneering wormhole theories?
Yeah.
Flying too close
to the sun.
What's the next
set of initials?
Um...
It's X.C. But I don't--
I don't know who that is.
Uh, uh, uh,
Dr. Xochitl Castros.
She's working on a
brain-computer interface
that allows astronauts
to operate robots in space
without leaving Earth.
(phone keys clacking)
She had a heart attack
in her lab
in Portland
yesterday morning.
She's in critical
condition.
Eskol was in Portland
yesterday.
The Road Back
isn't targeting tech.
They're targeting
the people behind it.
My father wasn't The
Road Back's only mark.
He was the beginning.
♪ ♪
Captioning sponsored by
CBS
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
(bell dings)